file_setups/README.md, before:

Welcome to the file setup page!  
Per the speedrun rules, you may use any game files that can be attained through normal play.  
The player's "preferences" folder contains the most important files.  
The most important information is: 
    (0) Class unlocks -- Ironclad is unlocked by default, followed by Silent, Defect, and Watcher.  
    (1) Card and Relic unlocks -- each class has a fixed order in which additional cards and relics are unlocked.  
    (2) Bosses seen -- the first 3 times you enter Acts I, II, and III, the bosses appear in a fixed order.  
    (3) Ascension levels -- each class unlocks Ascension levels independently, starting from 1 to 20.  In addition, a win with each of the first 3 classes grants the player access to Act IV.  

In each speedrun category, certain cards, relics, and boss combats are faster and more consistent than others.  
For more details, see the guide section on file setups.  

On this page, we have compiled legal "preferences" folders.  
The folders here are named to precisely describe all u

Commit message:

updated readme files, better explanations

file_setups/README.md, after:

Welcome to the file setup page!  
Per the speedrun rules, you may use any game files that can be attained through normal play.  
The player's "preferences" folder contains the most important files.  
The most important information is:  

	(1) Card and Relic unlocks -- each class unlocks additional cards and relics in a fixed order (5/class).  
	(2) Bosses seen -- how many times the player has seen a boss in each Act.  
	(3) Ascension levels -- which levels (0 to 20) reached on each class.  

Here are some notable unlocks.  All other class unlocks are not considered to be fast or consistent.  

Ironclad 1: Heavy Blade, Spot Weakness, and Limit Break (viable for Ironclad strength use).  
Silent 4: Pandora's Box (important for all speedruns due to the associated glitch).  
Silent 5: Grand Finale (Silent's most viable AoE card for Any%).  
Defect 3: Hyperbeam (Defect's most viable AoE card for Any%).  
Watcher 1: Blasphemy (Watcher's best tool for fast scaling; also gives the player to buy Prismatic Shard on a losing run on other classes).  
Watcher 4: Akabeko (an excellent relic for multihit or AoE cards such as Whirlwind and Ragnarok).  

Bosses seen: for all classes, the fastest bosses are Slime Boss, Collector, and Donu & Deca, with the exception that Watcher can kill Time Eater fastest.  

To use any of these setups:  

	(0) make a backup of your game files just in case!  
	(1) create a new file in the second save slot (the game indexes these files with a 1).  
	(2) open the first or third game slot.  
	(3) locate your game's preferences folder.  
	(4) paste all of the files from the folder of your choice into the preferences folder.  

Whenever you progress into sub-optimal unlocks or see the first boss, repeat steps 2--4.
